# System-Analysis-and-Design

  For this project, I worked with a client, DriverPass, to design a system that will aide the growth in success rate for driving tests by providing online practice tests, courses, as well as on-road driving lessons. For this project, I believe I prospered with the Business Document as well as the UML Activity Diagrams. On the Business Document, I feel as if I excelled in my understanding of the funcitonal and non-functional requirements needed for the system. On the other hand, I feel as if I could improve on making a better Use Case diagram as well as Class diagram by studying them closer to make sure I add every neccessary detail. To improve on these diagrams, I plan to work on these frequently when I have free time even if they are based on different systems that you see everyday. 

  When designing the system, I made sure to have a copy of the interview with the client so that I would ensure to implement all user functionality requirements into the design. This is important because the design is not deemed successful until it exceeds the requirements of the user, if the user is unhappy with the design, the design is for nothing.

  As I design a system, I want to approach with a strong foundation that will help guide the development process. Through this course, I have learned that the development process will not be able to flow without setting a strong roadmap. When a clear path is set as well as an ultimate goal, it is easier to focus on what is important to the design and how you can install all aspects in an organized fashion.
